[Music] I've never had a real job in my life. I have no real formal training in ML. >> We can say you did a really good job. Generally, this kind of thing I would expect from somebody who probably has at least like 7 to 8 years of experience. >> Hey everyone, welcome back to another episode of Whiteboard Confidential. I'm Adam from Interviewing IO and I'm excited to share today's replay with you. In this episode, our candidate was asked by an interviewer from Meta to design an ML system that detects fraudulent or scam content on Facebook. Now, this is an excellent example of the type of problem that a staff engineer at MEA would tackle day-to-day on the job. The candidate had no formal ML job experience yet delivers a design discussion at the level usually seen by IC5 to IC6 engineers. Now, this is a mustwatch if you want to get a deeper understanding on how to handle multimodal imbalanced or ambiguous data. All right, let's jump in. >> This will be a machine learning system design interview. Um the way generally uh it works is that I want to know a little bit more about you. Uh what's your background? Um and if you have any interviews coming up um and what companies might they be uh so I might be able to tailor um my feedback accordingly. Um and generally the system design part lasts around 40 45 minutes. Um and I can do some feedback post uh on that. Um or if you want um some people like to get feedback as we go. So um so yeah um yeah I'll give you a quick background. I um I have a uh PhD in physics. I graduated about three years ago and I have my on-site with Meta next Monday. Uh so that's what things are looking like. As for the feedback, um do you find one works better or other like during or after? Do you think one's better than the other? >> Um so it depends. So if you are if you feel that you are ready uh then it would make sense that we just kind of take it like an actual interview and then give you feedback in the end. But if you feel like you are not really sure what type of things might be asked or um you don't feel like very well prepared then generally uh it's better that if we take the feedback as we go so you don't waste time trying to just work through the problem uh without really feeling confident about it. >> Yeah, I understand. Um, maybe we'll try to wait for the end and if I change my mind partway through, I'll let you know. Also, um, I was hoping we could do um, as I understand there's two main problems, recommener systems and harmful content. Um, I've already done some rec Rexus um, mocks. So, if we could do something with harmful content, uh, that would be good. >> Okay. Yeah, that's that sounds good. Um, >> what did you have in mind, by the way? I >> had recommended system. >> Yeah, I don't know why I picked that. >> Yeah. No, but I thought harmful system is good because that's actually what I work on. So, uh this might be usually people don't get that type of a question. So, I don't really pick that but uh if you I've been seeing that trend that has been asked so I can pick up that question and uh we can uh go through it. >> All right. So, uh, >> one one quick question before I forget. Uh, what's the likelihood of each problem, would you say? >> Um, so it really depends on for example like uh who does who does your interview. Uh, you probably might have the the names of the people who are doing your system design interview. Mhm. >> Um if you look at their work what they're doing right now if they work with advertisement which is probably where most of the hiring is happening or if you uh they work within like Instagram or something then you can be more likely that you will get like a recommener system interview. Uh if you see somebody with like a description like um you know like working on content moderation or something like that uh or any type of content problems uh then then you will most likely are harmful because they want to kind of be asking questions that they are more familiar with. >> Got it. Yep. Sounds good. Okay. So, uh yeah. So, we can uh kind of start like a long blue line there. So, uh, good. So um this is kind of your job here is that uh you come in as a machine learning engineer and the first thing that uh you might want to end up doing is um you want to develop something that can pick up um let's say with some confidence that this might be a fraudulent or this might be uh a scam content uh so that uh the content can either to be taken down uh or be used um kind of for manual review um or just be like kind of not recommended to users depending on the use case uh and u the score that the classifier produces. >> All right. Um so should I go ahead and get started then? >> Mhm. >> Yeah. Okay. So we'll start off with some clarifying questions. So first let's just talk think of scale. Um how many you know users are there and how many posts per day and like um what's the like historic history of fraudulent posts per day. So um the history can be that there are approximately say um one from the past that we have seen using human sample let's say maybe like 2% of of the content is uh fall under like fraudulent or scam practices and the total volume of content is in on the daily basis can be in like in billions billions Okay. >> Yeah. Tens of billions of the total volume. >> Yeah. And 2% of back is is >> got it. Okay. And then for the latency um how fast does this need to perform? Um so for the latency we can uh assume uh that uh I would say like probably no more than um half a minute like 30 seconds 30 seconds. Okay. >> Yeah. >> Um and then um uh just a couple more quick questions regarding the data and the labels. So uh as far as the data is concerned are these like you know um posts like on Instagram or are they like something on like Facebook marketplace like what what's the context of this um like >> um so you can think about it this uh is on Facebook um and this would be posts um uh that the people do which includes like some type of media um and also um the comments that people leave, >> right? >> Yep. >> Yep. >> And so presumably there's going to be there can be like images, hyperlinks, um videos. >> Yeah. >> Text. Yeah. Okay. And then um for the labels um you know I can think of at least two ways to generate labels um you know from like user reports and human annotation. Um what um what's the um is that is uh that fine to assume I can use this to generate labels? >> Uh yes. So we do have uh some of the people who are hired to do the reviews um and we do also get user reported content. Um so um that is also a source um which can be used generally user reported content goes for a review like a manual review. >> Got it. All right. Well I think I think I'm ready to get started then. So just start off with some business objectives. So this one you know unlike the recommener system doesn't have as direct connection to to revenue but it still does have some right. So if you have a better system um that can reduce the need for human annotation. Uh so that's one way you can improve the revenue. The other is by promoting a safer environment um for advertisers, right? Like they don't want to advertise on a platform where there's a lot of you know negative content. The other is improve the you know trust and safety of the of the users. And finally, I can think of a third reason which is you know there could be some legal um you know things going on where harmful content not being suggested to um minors and things like that. Um so first I'll just give a kind of an outline of the um the system as a whole. I don't know if I can draw anywhere here like a whiteboard. Um, you can there's a power whiteboard. Uh, if if you want to just do like a rough boxes, that's fine. >> Uh, okay. Yeah, maybe I'll just draw it out real fast. You can see my screen, right? >> Yep, I see. >> Okay. So, you're going to have some, you know, user. They're going to interact with, you know, the client, which is, uh, Facebook to to to make a post. This is going to come down into this um you know service um right and um >> it's going to store um the post and the associated data the metadata and uh uh content uh in our feature store. And there will also be you know uh some trained model that it sends the the the features to um the the classifier which I'll I'll talk on in a second. >> And then um on the output end there's you know going to be a few different situations. So if the post is clean just send it back to Facebook uh post it uh so the user can see it. But then there's a few different situations. So you could have a situation where you have a post with um you know low confidence that it's harmful. Here there's a variety of things you can do. Um you can demote it to to limit the um the spread of it. Uh you you can flag it for further review by by humans. And I think maybe it might even make sense that when you retrain the model um actually maybe this will be not for low confidence. Let me come back to that point in a moment. Um but okay so that's for the low confidence ones. For the the um the uh the posts on which you're you know highly confident you can um just immediately remove. And um you know you also want to in this case um you know tell the user why it was removed. And also maybe I should have asked this in I I forgot to ask this in the clarifying section but um for the fraud aspect I'm assuming um and scam are there like different categories of these or is it just kind of can I just assume it's um one kind of fraud one kind of scam or are there like maybe crypto scams? Yeah, there are multiples. Like we can assume there are multiple but the type of them uh that shouldn't be of a concern. Uh but yes, there are multiple um scans and frauds. >> Okay. Yeah. So then in that case when you do you know identify the the that it's a scam or fraud we're going to notify the user for you know why that was the case. So that's kind of the highle design of what the system will look like. Let me just give a brief outline of some things I want to go over. So we're going to have the data. So you know features labels feature engineering right? Then we're going to have the um you know modeling aspect. So training it, evaluating it um and then deploying the model and monitoring the model. Feel like I'm forgetting something, but maybe I'll uh figure out as I go along. um data model. Yeah. So this is you know um this is um will look like. So let's think about what the data looks like. So we'll have um you know of course three sources. We'll have the user um and then this is this is some kind of Facebook post right for the item. And then we'll have user host interactions and we'll go through these um uh one by one. So for the user there's different kinds of um data associated with them. There's demographics, there's contextual information, there's also social information. So let's go through those. So we'll have the age, gender, location. Um what else? Date, finger, location. >> It's fine. You may imagine there's there Yeah. So we don't have to really they can collect all the features and >> Yeah. Um and so for the context we'll have device, time of day, um things like that. Um social. So, so this will include things like, you know, number of reports they've received in the past, right? >> Um, you know, a lot of B account or, you know, bad accounts tend to spam messages out. So, you could use a feature like number of messages sent in last, you know, n seconds where n can be, you know, varying. You could have one for the last 30 seconds, the last uh you know minute, last hour, whatever. Because I might expect that bad accounts that are spreading spam or not spam but um fraud and uh scams would be, you know, sending out a lot of messages in a short amount of time. Um, another one would be, you know, interactions with um um known offenders. And um let's see. I think I maybe I'll come back to this, but I think that should be enough to get started. Uh for the post, we're going to have uh you know, of course, some text associated, you know, like the the post itself, right? we're going to have an image associated with it or we can have an image rather um >> and you know here it's important that the image you know this can contain text itself you can extract via uh OCR so this is often the case in um you know memes uh there can be video audio I and then I'll just include one last one um so some kind of hyperlink um and then for the user post interactions Again, we could have number of of reports which um you know number of reports um um number of of comments, number of likes, the actual comments themselves and um I think that should be a good place to start. >> Okay. Um now let's go through and um uh process these these features for before we feed them to the model. So for the age um you can handle in a lot of different ways. One option is to bucketize it and then one hot encode it. So here you'd have you know 0 to 18 as a bucket, 18 to 24 and so on. Um and then want to hot encode it. Uh same with the gender. Uh location usually you get this as um you know latitude and longitude and you you definitely want to be aware of some some privacy concerns here. You don't want to have their exact location. But in any case um since there's going to be so many different locations, it might be best to use uh an embedding layer here for the device. you know whether or not it's um either on a mobile device or a laptop there shouldn't be a high cardality feature so you should be able to use one hot encoding time of day there's a few different things you could do you could of course one hot encode it for morning afternoon and night I think a better option is to use a a sinosidal transform here >> um because you know 11 p.m. is going to be closer to to 1:00 a.m. and that takes it into account. Um, number of reports. I think maybe the best way here would be um trying to think if it's going to have a skew is what's going through my mind right now. Um, maybe this might be best to just bucketize and uh, one hot code. So, you could have, you know, zero is not a lot of reports, one is a lot of reports and so on. You could also do something maybe like quantile binning here. >> Okay. >> Um let me um so number of messages sent in the last um n seconds. I think here probably just use some kind of um standardization and interactions with known offenders. Um you know maybe it's easest to just um have this as a one or a zero basically. So just one hunting code bat whether like one if they've interacted with known offender and zero zero otherwise. Okay. Um so now let's look at the the post itself. So um I guess I should have asked previously but um is this model you know global or multilingual? >> Um yes. So it generally works all across the world. uh but I think for starters let's say it's we are focusing on North America market uh and only on English. Got it. Okay. Well, in that case, um since um we only have to use English and since this is a social media platform, there's probably going to be a lot of emojis. And um in this case, using um some kind of pre-trained model that uses by parent coding um probably hand will handle the it will handle the emojis better. It usually works better with uh out of vocabulary stuff. So here could use um clip and um we could probably just combine the text in the image and also the text associated with the image and just pass them all through clip. So that'll take care of um these. Um and a few a few quick remarks on this. Um, so of course we're using pre-trained models which are are general purpose, but we can fine-tune if if we if we need to. All right, we should have enough data given the assumptions earlier. Um, and there's also some pre-processing we need to do, right? So um we need to um you know remove leading trailing white space um leatize things like that. We also need to tokenize and uh clip is a I believe it uses a bite parent coding for the tokenizer. So we need to use that. And then for the image aspect of it um I don't remember. I think it there's use some kind of vision transformer uh that uses for clip but I do know you in any case you're going to have to resize it. you're going have to normalize it and you're going to have to scale it um appropriate to the distribution it was trained on. Um now let's address the video. Um you can use um you know uh pre-trained models to just uh do the video directly. Um I think it might be better to just extract you know every images and you could treat it the hyperparameter. Um and then you know you could use clip maybe here you just use resonant. Um and again you know you have to resize normalize and scale the um the images and then aggregate them. Um so one option to aggregate them is just simply take the average but there's other options as well for the audio. uh wave tovec is a you know cuz if there's a video posted or you know maybe just a standalone audio file but there will also be often audio associated with the video that you want to pick up on. So here we can use wavetovec. I don't think you need to do a lot of pre-processing. I think the main thing uh is you just need to down sample it to 14 kHz. And then for the hyperlinks um this one's a little bit more difficult. So just starting off simply you could have a blacklist right so for sites that you you know are bad you can just use a rulebased approach here uh another option would be to use some tools like selenium beautiful soup to extract you know metadata and also like the homepage uh thumb you know image so you go to the site take a screenshot and then um you know uh uh use that image information. Also, another thing you could do here at this point is like um some kind of object detection. Maybe I'll have, you know, to identify actually no. Um yeah. So anyways, um and then for the user post interactions, so here Oh, I already have them. Oops. Um so yeah, for the number of reports, uh I think standardize, uh actually no, let's stick with what I did earlier. So, bucketize plus 100 encoding actually. Yeah, whatever. Um, number of comments. Um, comments. Yeah, I expect this to actually be pretty skewed. I'd expect uh Yeah. So, here maybe do something like a a log transform. And um actually the same for for here, do a log transform. And then for the comments themselves, um just use um probably just use clip from earlier to um process all the comments and then um aggregate them. All right. So um that's enough for the the data. Now let's think about the actual model itself. So here we have a decision kind of immediately on whether or not to do early fusion versus late fusion. So late fusion is, you know, you have have a wait um actually you said there's different kinds of scans, right? Yeah. Multiple kinds. >> Yes. >> So yeah. Uh, so I guess if there's like a crypto scam versus like um I I'm drawing a blank on the other kinds of scams that could be maybe a bank scam or something like that, you could have a model for each kind, you know, crypto scam, maybe like a cash app um kind of scam and so on and so forth. Um and so you know the the pro of this is you you can train each model independently. Um but the con is you need to maintain many different um models which requires a lot of infrastructure and compute. You also have to dilute the data uh a bit across uh each each uh uh you should give me a second to think. Yeah. So um yeah so with late fusion you know you build a model to detect each each category and then combine the results at the end. Um but yeah so maintaining all these different models is going to require a lot of compute infrastructure. Um the other big drawback is that um you can't learn uh joint uh distributions. So um it could very well be the case that you know like maybe a tech the text alone is fine the um hyperlink or no no. How would that apply here? >> Give me a moment to think. H maybe that's what apply here. Um I'm I'm drawing a blank. Um maybe I'll ask you to step in actually for a moment. I changed my mind. is um is there the potential for like multiple things to interact to produce something harmful here? Uh what do you mean? So like in the case of um you know they're trying say if someone makes a Facebook post and you're trying to detect whether like um like if if you have a meme, right? So when you have a meme, the image by itself can be safe. the the text associated with the image can be safe by themselves, but when you combine them, it's bad, right? Okay. So, if you look at them in by themselves, they're fine. But when you combine them, then that becomes like a offending thing. >> Yeah. Let me give you an example. If there's text that says, "I hate these parasites," and the image is a bunch of parasites, well, then that's fine. But if the image is a person of a certain race, then you would deem it racist, right? >> Yep. So is there an analogous situation here? >> Um I I think yes. So there will be some type of a content where to just giving you an example like uh maybe somebody is offering uh maybe like you're a bank, right? and uh you're offering some loans to people, right? So, uh which is fine because you know you're a bank and you send messages or you post about like giving out loans. Um but then there might be a case where um there's a post about offering loans and the image just contains maybe like money in it. Uh and just says maybe like uh quick loans all approved but the text just says we are offering loans quick here to apply. Um, so I mean there can be cases where like the picture combined with the text might actually become a target but by themselves for example just like a picture of a lot of cash >> is fine. >> Y >> but if you are showing like people throwing cash in the air that's fine but if you're like I'm going to give you loan and then that's a picture associated with it and generally a bank wouldn't do that. Like that sounds like a scam. Yeah. Uh, great example. I I think that's pretty good. All right. So, um, I I'll continue on from there. So, okay, then in that case, um, you you wouldn't want to use late fusion then, uh, for that reason. Um, so you can't learn the joint distributions. Um, so, okay. So, um, then you have the option of early fusion. So, here, um, instead of training a model on each kind of scam, you, you know, concatenate all of the features above. uh immediately and then uh train a single model, right? Um and uh let go back to the whiteboard. So, uh start to kind of zoom in on the the model itself. So, um actually, let me just draw. So, there's a variety of different options as far as the model is concerned. So, um, you know, you could just have logistic regression. Um, there's problems with this at, uh, there's a few different problems with this. One is, um, you know, it's it's a binary classifier. So, it it can't identify the the kind of scam, which may, you know, may or may not be important. um uh when the there's you know colinearity in the features it's uh it's no it's known to struggle often it doesn't perform as strong as as other um uh models and um lastly uh it assumes the data is uh linearly separable which is often often not the case. it does have some pros. You know, it's fast, scales well, and so on. Um, you could instead consider something like a gradient boosted decision tree. Um, so some pros here include, you know, minimal feature processing. Um, you don't need to pre-process it like you do for the other ones. It's fast. It scale scales well. Um, but there are some cons. So, one con in particular is uh no online training. Uh so you have to retrain the entire model. You can't continuously train it which is a big drawback. Um another one is uh usually doesn't perform as good as something like a neural network when you have a lot of data which is is the case here. Um and then before I forget let me make a note for the cost and balance. So you want to probably use some kind of neural network approach. So it kind of alleviates a lot of the problems before. You're very free on the input layer is very flexible. You know, you can set it up to be multiclass, multilel, multitask, so on so forth. Um, you know, continuous learning. And of course, it performs well when you have a lot of data. Um, and so let's kind of briefly go over what the model might look like. So yeah, um okay. So you know, you're going to have the uh input features here. might make sense to run them through kind of a lightweight MLP um to pre-process them and then so um we talk about like a light light with MLP from the features. So these are the features that will be the embeddings that are coming out of the model that you described like slip or something like that. Oh yeah, sorry. I didn't mean for these this arrow to be em uh coming from the the feature store. But um sorry, what was your question again? >> Um yeah. Yeah, I just wanted to know like um what what are the inputs to this ML lightweight? >> Oh yeah, sorry. Sorry. Yeah, I guess it it could come from there. Uh the user features. Sorry, I wasn't clear about that. The post features and then the user post interaction features will be the the input to the model. Um and this will just learn some kind of embedding. And um from here I think kind of uh uh maybe the best way is to have do multitask where you have you know some kind of um you know head for each um kind of scam you know whether it's crypto scam, cash app scam, you know um whatever uh you know cash uh bank related, right? And um so you feed all these features uh feed these features to to each of these models. Um and then um so each class, let's talk about how to train it. So you're going to have some uh a sigmoid activation at the end. And then for the loss function could use something just um since this each one of these is a binary classifier detecting um you could use something like binary cross entropy or you know normalized cross entropy which is just binary cross entropy dividing by the the average. Um but there is a class imbalance. Um, so there's a few different ways we can handle it here. So for the imbalance, you can use um class weights. So like you said, 2% of the post will be will be bad. So you could use class weights, you could win the threshold. Um, but I think maybe a better option at this stage would be to use a the focal loss um to handle the the the class imbalance. And you you you apply the same procedure across them all. And um then at the end the the the final loss is just the the sum of the the losses from before. And um yeah so the inputs will be you know like uh the the what I described earlier and then the outputs will be the the label for each one. It'll be a vector of like 1 1 0 or 1 0 1 0 0 1 so on so forth. Um and then probably you know you standard things like ru activation, dropout regularization um things like that. So the class imbalance um we addressed um before I forget let me write this down. Uh actually maybe I'll just bring up now. Yeah, there there is going to be some kind of label bias. Um so from what I've seen this is actually a a really hard problem. you know, if you have three different interviewers or uh not interviewers, three different people label label something, they might um well, actually, in the case of scans, I think it should probably maybe it wouldn't be in any case, maybe I'll come back to that. Um actually, yeah, like talk about that a little bit. So, um, so you're talking about label bias where there's multiple people who might, uh, label the same content differently. Is that what you're talking about? >> That's right. >> Yeah. So, uh, how do you think we can kind of handle that? >> Yeah. Um, >> that's that's a real problem. I I guess in the case of uh you know say maybe maybe here's an idea, right? So um in the case of like uh uh someone pushing some stock, wouldn't that even be a scam? It's hard to say. Like say someone's saying buy this this NFT memecoin that they're going to pump and dump, right? Like that's a scam. Um maybe that would be a um >> there's a difference between think like I think the the thing that you're describing here as as know like you yourself are having trouble trying to identify like would this be a scam or not? So um how do you identify in your model like how do you train your model so that it can differentiate between scam and scammy posts >> that they look scammy but they are not technically a scam. They might be down the line but with the information that you have right now you cannot really make a decision. Um, I'm guessing maybe the first thing that comes to my mind is the output probability. So if the model outputs like 0.5, right, then that suggests it's it's not confident one way or the other on whether or not it's a scam. >> Okay. Um, I think that's um maybe the best I can come up with right now. Is there something we can do on the labeling side that might help with it? >> Oh yeah, you could um you could assign like a confidence maybe to to the labels. So when you're actually going to do the labels, you know, if you're very confident it's a scam, you could label assign it more weight in the loss function. >> I'm guessing that's what you had in mind. something like that. Yeah. So, it's more or less uh so what I was thinking was uh having multiple people review the same content and uh pick the majority, you know, so something like that. Um so, uh we kind of like try to tune out the bias there by showing off anything to more than one person. Um that's that's one of the things uh but I think in the end that turns out to be can be like a label weight because the the higher percentage of the people that mark this as a scam the label weight goes up. >> Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Okay. Should I continue? >> Yeah. All right. So, you know, now we've got this model built. Let's think of some kind of uh offline ways to evaluate it. So since it's a binary classifier, you can use you know the classics uh uh accuracy, precision, recall, accuracy not good because um imbalance recall um precision uh those are fine in this case. Probably want to favor recall over precision. um you know, you you want to catch all of the scams, right? You don't want to you don't want to let any through. And then um the the problem with these though is that they're dependent on some kind of threshold, right? So a metric like the area under the curve of ROC is a bit better because it, you know, operates o over multiple uh thresholds. And I think even better than that is the one I'll go with is the area on the curve for precision recall. So this tends to perform better when there is um imbalance which we have a a very large imbalance. >> Mhm. >> Um and then finally I think uh the last step would be to just uh discuss the deployment and online metrics. So uh first let's I think it's best to start with you know coming up with how you want to monitor it first before you deploy it. So here um you know assuming users can like report these these these scams. Maybe something you would want to log is um you know the number of reports. Um, and you might even want to normalize this like like the by the posts per day because if you have post more posts, you might expect more more reports here. You might want to use something like um uh proactive, right? So um uh how many scams you identify before they're reported. Although since we're assuming um what was our time? 30 seconds. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Um and then finally, you could have something like prevalence like um but this isn't so prevalence is um how many you know how many scans per you know posts are um persist on the platform. One problem with this is um it doesn't take into account, you know, how popular it uh it is, right? So, if you have a bunch of scams, but they get no views, no impressions versus, you know, one scam that gets a million impressions, that that matters a lot. Um, so here you might want to use something like kind of the the the harmful impressions idea where it's how many uh people, you know, interact with the with the scam. And then let's think, you know, now that we have these metrics in mind, let's talk briefly or talk about the uh deployment. So here there's a variety of options. You could use something like shadow deployment. So here you um deploy both models uh in parallel or not yeah you you you deploy both models but you only uh serve the old problem with this is a lot of infrastructure a lot of compute uh you could use a canary deployment um where you deploy to a certain demographic and also um with that in mind let me backtrack just a bit you know on these evaluation metrics um you know it could be the case that there's a bias present, you know, over some demographic. Um, you know, maybe this model performs better over uh or not guys. What am I thinking? Um um you know, cash app scams. Maybe it's really good at identifying cash app scams, but not you know the the bank scams or or or Telegram scams uh for for that matter, right? Um so you'd want to segment um you know the evaluation to see where it's performing uh good and bad. >> Uh so for the canary deployment you want to deploy to certain demographics or maybe certain regions. Um but there's some bias uh as I just mentioned. Finally the kind of standard way is to do some kind of AD AB testing. And in this case since we have a very you know sensitive um you know thing we're dealing with it'd be probably best to to gradually roll it out. You don't want to just deploy the model it not perform well and then expose a bunch of people to to harmful content. So you might want to start off with like a 9010 10% split and then once you gain some confidence slowly roll it out to 50/50 >> and uh what metric are we using here uh to decide if we can roll out or not? >> Thank you. Um, I think of course you want to take them all into account, but um I'd probably I think harmful impressions would be um if you had to pick one, you could just weight them too. You could take some linear combination of these um as well. Um but I think harmful impression makes most sense to to use as our metric. >> Okay. And I think that um I think that's it. >> Okay, cool. Um well, I think uh overall um I can say you did a really good job. Um especially given uh you just finished school. Uh you don't have like a lot of experience. Uh generally this kind of thing I would expect from somebody who probably has at least like maybe like seven to eight years of experience. Uh also probably have experience in this field. Uh because the kind of things that you talked about uh do seem like um very specific to this type of a problem. So I I just wonder like do you work with this kind of thing or do you just happen to study about this during your time? Um, I mean, I have a background in ML and I, um, I've never had a real job in my life. I have no real formal training in ML. I I did my PhD in physics. So, um, I don't know if that answers your question. >> No, I think that's Yeah, so I I think you you did really well. So probably I think uh from all the uh things that you have read so far um uh you do have like a really good grasp of the product area as well. Um so it comes with ML uh because there's a lot there's a lot of people who have like really good ML uh but uh it's good to see a person who can relate the ML back to the product. So um like you know like that that comes to show like what kind of metrics do you pick for example like the metrics about prevalence um and harmful impression um these someone who hasn't worked with this type of content probably wouldn't have in their mind. Um, so I think that's that's that's something good um that you identified um like the biases as well. Uh that might be here especially like the label bias. Uh that's something I really haven't really heard somebody talk about before. Um apply to work. Um and um um I think you're aware way of like handling the the different type of content. Uh especially like the hyperlinks and the audio files. I think that was good. Uh people usually don't mention that. Uh they usually stick with image and text. So I I think that's a that's a big plus. Um and uh I think some of the the areas uh I think I probably also wanted to mention that um around the cost imbalance I think that the loss type that you mentioned vocal loss and I think that was uh very insightful as well. Um yeah. So um so I would say like as it comes to improvement uh I think like if I were to like say like one thing um that that you might to might want to work on uh would be asking a little bit more questions u and starting simple. So uh for example um you did talk about uh like the shadow deployment we have both models um I never mentioned we had an old model um >> you mean on the deployment aspect >> yeah so um you didn't ask do we have a model uh we don't so we uh my mind was like we don't have any model um >> got it >> uh one of the things that um I would have like um you do kind of ask would they regarding the metrics uh maybe towards the beginning as well like have been subjects right so you did you did talk about revenue here uh it's it's a little I would say probably like it's it's useful if you try to fish this information out of the person first so you might want to like start off with like so uh what kind of object is are you looking at here? So, they might have something in their mind, they might talk about it or they might just throw throw the question back at you like what do you think? Right? So, but it's always good just try it out. Just ask them. Sometimes you might get an answer. For example, in this type of a problem, uh the general highest concern is user engagement, right? So we we want to make sure that the besides the legal thing you know that's that's obviously there the trust and safety and that's that's fine but as for like some tangible thing like you want to make sure that the user engagement you know like remains high um that we don't impact that in in any way. um you know like too many false positives might discourage people to post stuff um and too many false negatives might just make the platform full of content where people don't don't enjoy coming back to it anymore. So um kind of like trying to fish this thing uh talk about both things usually uh even if you're like I think you're talking about the recommener system even in that you know like just do mention both of the things uh revenue and uh and uh user engagement and usually people will ask you a question like how do you measure user engagement uh or how would you measure like the revenue new impact. So be ready to talk about like a tangible metric that you can >> mention at that point whether yes I will measure maybe uh some post click or user post by the day or how many likes are happening. You don't have to make up the exact best metric. Just just make something up that sounds reasonable. >> Got it. Uh um um and I think um the next thing goes on is the metrics that we were talking about. Um so uh we talked about evaluation like how will we evaluate the model? Um you were talking about how do we like we would favor recall. I think that would be a question to ask uh like what are the goals here? Are we trying to reduce the volume of the scams? Um like how are false positives more expensive than false negatives? There might be a case where we might be well, you know what, if you have too many false positives, if you're focusing solely on recall, we might be taking down quite a lot of content that might cause a little bit friction between users. Uh so, you know, we we want a really high precision model. We just we want like it to be it's fine if we get less stuff, but we want it to be very very confident. So um I think this is a thing that you could have asked that that would have come out and might have uh influenced maybe the way you select the metrics. Um, and also your training weights, uh, because if you're favoring precision over recall, it changes the way that you assign weights because now you want the model to be more confident in like let's say having a really high precision for the negative class, but it kind of shifts. But you want to be making sure that it it is very confident in picking the negative class. at the cost of the positive one because we we want we want like two labels to be really true. Um so um so I think this this is one of the things um uh I would say like in terms of like simplicity uh the the moral structure that they talked about uh I think you kind of went on with like the you did mention that we might do multi-ask uh model but you were not sure if we need it but then you ended up doing it anyways in the design you kind of start to break it down. Um like we have this uh we have like a model for doing XYZ scans. Um, again that might be a good question to ask like do we need to break it down or how do you think uh in the business case like do do we have off like do we have money to be able to train all these models or are we constrained right um and and that's fine like you you might be able to say like we don't know like how do you think about it so um generally I would air on the side of simple and mention how complex it could have been >> and then go down with the simple or like we just have like a binary model which just takes in all these features into like a one NLP classifier um and we have like a binary score the benefit of that is that it is very easy to read so if you are supplying the score to maybe let's say Facebook or Instagram or WhatsApp, it's much easier for them to be like, okay, I have this content, they gave me back a score and based on that I can decide if I want to demote this content, remove this content or report this content for manual review. But if you have multiple scores or let's say 10 different type of uh scams, then that becomes a little bit of a like a problem. So I would say just like start very simple um and then mention that this could have been if we had more time if we had more resources uh but try to follow the simple path. If the time you feel like there's a lot of time then always just go back and talk about things that you mentioned that I could have added XYZ here. So that generally makes the flow a little bit more easy as well and then gives you a chance to finish the question right on time and then add stuff on top of it. So just in case let's say time ran out at least you had a basic approach ready to go. Um, so it's it's more of a I would say like a time optimization strategy uh when you're doing the interviews. Um, so um it's yeah, so I think that's that's mainly I I'll probably say like uh try to ask a little bit more questions, try to fish as much as you can from the interviewer. uh and uh try to go simple first and uh mention about the things that you could have done like you know pros and cons but just follow the simple path and then go back to it if there is time. Um but I would say overall uh this was very good. Um I I just want to know like what level are you applying for? >> Uh yeah thanks for asking. Um there it wasn't specified. Um I I have no idea what my level will be. >> So was that so? Okay. So this is a uh fresh grad, right? So you're So you finished your uh graduate school uh PhD and then this is your first job. >> That's right. I finished uh almost 3 years ago about 2 and a half years ago. Um, Meta contacted me a few months ago uh for the interview and um yeah, this is um the only interview I have is this is basically the first interview I've ever done um postgraduation. I started a company of my own two and a half years ago and I've been working on that since then. Um so this will be my my first job. >> Okay. Yeah. So this is uh I would say um I I would probably think it would be maybe um like a IC4 uh since uh you have the PhD and you have some experience even if it is working for yourselves. Um and I would probably say like this would be a like a green light or ICore to go ahead um on meta. Definitely. >> Yeah, true. Uh just a few quick questions for me. Um what where do you work and where do you where where uh country are you in? Obviously you don't have to answer, but I'm just curious. >> I work. >> Oh, fair enough. >> Yeah. So I'm in the US. >> You're in the US? >> Mhm. >> Gotcha. Um and then my last question, you know, I haven't really spent a lot of time on the the job hunt right now. things don't seem quite good. I I haven't This is the only interview I have and they contacted me. I'm just curious if you have any advice on how to like get referrals or land more interviews. I spent so much time preparing for this interview that I'd really like to add some companies, you know. >> Um I think like this is um this is already I would say like a hard time to be honest. Um I've had the question come across like multiple people. uh that how do I land jobs because I'm not even getting contacted. Um and I would think that it's generally comes down to as number one is the type of the role that you have. So machine learning um is really I would say in demand right now. So widget goat. So that's your specialty. Um, and I think you probably will fare much better than any other person who doesn't have an expertise in ML. Um, and I would say besides this, the only other people I would say would be not having a problem would be some people who are specialized in very niche fields uh, ML or nonML. Um um and I think if you want to kind of increase your chances of getting more companies um approaching you um one best way is to have experience working somewhere which is uh known in the industry. There is uh I have seen a big trend where people without experience or who are just like getting out of college now are having an extremely hard time but people with experience don't have the similar kind of problems. Um it's it's because like the the the companies are trying to kind of hire more experienced people uh especially in the times when the economy is not very stable. So they want to take a risk with somebody who doesn't have a draft record. >> So it's morely like more like trying to play a little conservative u with hiring uh especially in this time. So there isn't really like too much that you are not doing or you are doing wrong. Uh it's just the time that is uh happening right now. And I would just say like apply as much as you can. Um the the other way is if you know somebody, if you have friends, um referrals do significantly boost your chances of landing an interview. Um you can meet people in maybe some type of like tech talks or something might be happening in your local area uh which are not like don't pay to go to like expensive conferences but generally better to like go to like a smaller tech talk where you know it's like a small group of people which is lends you a better chance of meeting somebody talking to them about your work and maybe getting a referral. Um, so, uh, so I think like I would I would just say probably focus more on like a small meetups that are happening in her area regarding your field that you want to work in. >> Yeah, that that seems like um solid um advice. Um I to be honest I might just wait for the market to cool off because I I really or not cool off but to come back because it's just it's you know I feel like if I could get a couple interviews I would pass at least one of them. It's just I it's very hard. I don't even know why Meta contacted me in the first place to be honest but they have a higher push. big big higher push. So, um, and I think they are probably the only large company right now that is hiring that aggressively. I don't think there's any other company hiring that much. >> Yeah, that's the impression I got as well. Like there's some people I've been studying with and um I've been seeing the offers come in at a pretty high rate among my study group. So, that that for for meta specifically. So >> yeah, I think they they have they have a very very high I would say uh hiring array going on right now. There's a lot of pressure especially on the recruiting side to get as many people as you can. teams also are growing uh significantly uh like you know like so uh that's one of the reasons why like they they are really I think it was a good time to hire because they know that not many other companies are hiring so they might they'll have a good big talent in the market so um they don't have to compete with other companies as much so financially it makes more sense for to hire right now and nobody else is. >> But yeah, that makes sense. >> Yeah, but it's not good for the person on the other side because you don't have a lot of leverage when it comes to negotiating your offer. >> That's so >> Yeah, that's what I was going to say. Like, you know, if they made me an offer, I I probably I might not negotiate at all. And even if I did, it would be very lightweight, you know. I think um with that said, >> I would I would say like just my advice uh negotiate as much as you want to. Um, I can almost guarantee you that like they will try their best to get you in if you have the offer green light because they target set on recruiters are so high um that losing even one candidate is like they lost like a lot of work. So >> I'm not even like I'm not going to joke like you and say like say yeah I want like half a million dollars. Like you can just say they might not give it to you. >> But you can say it and they will they will still come back to you with something. They're not going to be like oh this guy is not serious. I'm not going to move forward. So I'm just telling like you in that way you have leverage because there's a big need for hiring right now. A lot of targets are set. Um so with that information you know you probably have a you some chance of at least doing negotiations. Um and I would very strongly suggest please do negotiate. >> Yeah. >> And because of first offer will not will not be a very good offer. >> Oh yeah. I I appreciate that because that was what I've always been told as well. Like once you get the offer, the power dynamics shift a little bit. Like um they took a lot of work to get you there. And I the data that I've seen says that like once they make you an offer like very very rarely do they resend it based on the negotiation. >> No, they won't. Yeah. I mean >> I I just like went back on my offer. I said I'm I I negotiated really hard and then in the end they were still not there. I just said I don't want to join and then um I got a few offers afterwards. Uh I didn't like them. I think the letter offer was still the best. I went back to them after like 10 days and they were still like yeah fine we going to um that's that's why I tell you that the recruiters have like a big big pressure to hire people. So they even if you said like no I don't want to go right now come go go go back to them after 2 weeks they will still take you. >> Yeah >> and that's generally true because your your interview remains valid for I think maybe like 6 months or something like that. So um so yeah don't worry about like if you were to like red do like a really hard negotiation they might they might resend the offer or they might just not go move forward. Uh and the best thing that moves fast is uh the highest I would say gain you will get it on uh sign on bonuses and the stock uh and the base is very hard to move. you you can move and you probably they they might move but I don't expect more than like 10 15% change in the base but sign on bonus you probably won't get any and they offer you uh just look at level FI uh see what people are getting and just ask that much and they will give it to you like instantly without even like you just they just want people to ask if sometime people Don't even ask anything. So they lose like 100k just like that. Just we just just ask them once and they will give they will be like fine here 50k. Uh and do I need a do I need like another offer to to negotiate? >> If you have if you have a counter offer that can get you base salary and stock a little higher. >> Gotcha. Uh but they have a limit that is on their website for the role and that is the hard limit. The high upper limit that generally is the upper limit unless you do so good for the interview that they might consider you for the next level. >> Unless that happens they will stick with the limit that they have and that will be the like that will be the max that they will be able to offer at that level. Uh that's why I said like sign on bonus is the first thing that you should always talk about always and just ask whatever you see online the maximum value for your level just ask that exactly. >> Gotcha. >> Uh >> yeah yeah and go ahead. >> Yeah. So big and yeah f and then the next thing is probably like um like stocks um that that they would be willing to go a little bit higher on uh especially right now I don't know they might not because the stock is low so they might push you on like saying stock is low right now so you might have a very big upside but yeah I mean you you'll be able to just don't don't not negotiate Yeah, I appreciate that. You know, >> yeah, >> like a little I'm not I'm not quite desperate yet, but I'm I'm getting there. And so, it's good to know that I still have >> some room, you know, a lot of room to to negotiate. Just the market. >> Yeah. I mean, you know, you you have you definitely have people generally think that they don't, but uh even if you don't have a a counter offer, you still have a very big room to negotiate. >> Gotcha. Yeah. Um yeah. Anything else you want to add? >> Uh no, I think that's uh that's good. I'm just going to like leave like a structure uh that generally I share with the people that I do system design with. Um I think you kind of have like a good structure of your own as well. Um, but this is kind of what uh advice people >> uh to talk about like how to break down the problem. Um, so um I >> in the chat. >> Yes, I that Yeah, I see that. Thank you. >> Uh yeah, so I think that that should be it. Uh and all the best for the rest of your interviews. Um I will you offer. >> Thank you. I appreciate all the feedback. Um you were one of the better mock interviewers I've had. So um >> Oh, thank you. Thank you very much. >> Yeah, thanks for staying staying over. I know we went a bit over, but um thanks again for everything. Take care. >> Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Bye. >> All right, that's all we have for today. Thank you for watching. And if you want to get immediate feedback from the same people we make hiring decisions at companies like Google, Meta, and OpenAI, hit the link in our show notes to book your session now.
